# Glossary

## Authenticity

The proof of an assertion, such as the identity of a computer system user.

## Blockchain

A distributed list of transaction records embedded on linked blocks using cryptography. Each block contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp, and transaction data (generally represented as a Merkle tree).

## Cryptography

The practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of adversarial behavior, it is about constructing and analyzing protocols that prevent third parties or the public from reading private messages various aspects in information security such as data confidentiality, data integrity, authentication, and non-repudiation.

## DCT

The Discrete Cosine Transform is a finite sequence of data points in the form of a sum of cosine functions that oscillate at different frequencies.

## Digital signature

A mathematical scheme for verifying the authenticity of digital messages or documents. A valid digital signature, where the prerequisites are satisfied, gives a recipient very strong reason to believe that the message was created by a known sender (authentication), and that the message was not altered in transit (integrity).

## Fungibility

In economics fungibility is the property of a good or a commodity whose individual units are essentially interchangeable and each of whose parts is indistinguishable from another part.

## Genesis file

Original file generated by the content creator (artist). Used to generate the stegano files.

## Genesis hash

Cryptographic hash of the genesis file.

## Hash

A mapping of arbitrary size values to fixed-size values. The values are returned by a hash function and are also called hash values, hash codes, or digests. The values are usually used to index a fixed-size table called a hash table.

## Integrity (data)

The maintenance of, and the assurance of, data accuracy and consistency over its entire life cycle and is a critical aspect to the design, implementation, and usage of any system that stores, processes, or retrieves data.

## Intellectual property (IP)

A category of property that includes intangible creations of the human intellect. There are many types of intellectual property, and some countries recognize more than others. The most well-known types are copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets.

## IPFS

The Inter Planetary File System (IPFS) is a protocol and peer-to-peer network for storing and sharing data in a distributed file system. IPFS uses content-addressing to uniquely identify each file in a global namespace connecting all computing devices.

## Layer 1

The base layer of the blockchain protocol itself.
